man wake up it's happening okay the
first version of this channel was called
practical procrastination and started as
a combination of comedy and useful
information
well useful information how she goes
about having my hands look like this but
I got bored and I wanted something
different and while I was searching for
a new purpose I met Matt who instantly
agreed to make videos with me then I met
Darren Dre and everyone's favorite amar
and together we started the second
version of the channel we called Project
30 we spent 30 days making a video every
single day where we together tried 30
things we've never done before we have
five people who had just met and at the
end of the month we have become best
friends
realize the importance that new
experiences and storytelling combined
can have but once again it's time for us
to evolve into something bigger
we felt like to keep growing the project
beyond ourselves we needed a new purpose
we'd like to introduce you to our third
and newest version generation why not
we're going to keep pushing ourselves
further away from our comfort zones
pursuing our dreams but very soon in
places we've never been before and our
goal is to push you to do the same we'll
give you the full plan next week oh and
videos every Monday